for export 4 is a lively trade in all eleven victims, think
for example, on an extra bed that is the place to be for the battery life of your skin
extend it
or and and always dock you with speakers to listen to music
now world news namely the turtle bracke and bad month
for the out of 4
this thing
This makes it possible to connect the lens of a mirror flat camera to your iPhone
screws
the idea behind this is that you get me best of two worlds together
brings the quality of a mirror flex camera
and there it is easier of the iphone you always have
the application is that actually also our country
I already have parts in front of me and it is a beer that has a room too
put
and now take pictures but it goes as it always does because you too
the room
but if you immediately miss all the problems, that is the image
upside down
and that actually makes sense because
ps piero flats cameras on the mirror and that takes care of 9
the butt is good
in the search for an SLR camera
he replaced the city mirror that you don't see
but you can also just take photos like this but 8 far from ideal
what this solution is for
in the form of apple only then you have to look for it yourself
because on the manufacturer's website or training I have nothing in return
can find
the two chest that and care
well if you are this
The most important function that has is that the image now just
normally shows on the screen of the iphone
so no longer in mirror image
what about the quality of the photos
well that is to be honest and not too good you really have a lot
light needed to be able to take good photos
In addition, you must always focus by hand
and k and moreover all the options that you have on your spirou flex in terms of
settings so set aperture there also it is not going to work
conclusion too nice coined by the makers but the photo quality is not too good
In addition, science to be convenient to use
and off because of a quick grab and take snapshots after going here anyway
no longer work
in addition, it is also a fairly expensive construction
a total of 60 euros counts out
bring the basket from america here
In addition, you need work and you need a lens
all works very well ok 8
i had with stefan i have the new one living room movies land on me